Tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle.
Shhhva, shhhva, shhhva, shhhva, shhhva, shhhva, shhva, shhhva, shhhva, shhhva, shhhva, shhhva, shhhva,
tickle tickle, tickle tick, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle, tick,
What?
All right, all right, all right, all right.
Let's get back on track.
What was the video about again?
All right.
Hey, love. Hey, love.
It's just me and you now.
Yes, I'm so glad to see your beautiful face that I can't help but...
It's our world tradition at this point, you know?
And I do know it can be quite, indeed, a little startling, especially seeing me like this.
But babe, it's still me, your boyfriend after all, your protector, your, well, your werewolf in simple words, and only yours.
Sweetheart, you know, I remember the first time I showed you this side of me, I was quite nervous, so nervous actually, so nervous.
I was worried that you'd be scared, that you'd see me as some kind of monster, but you elected me with those most beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful eyes.
Those beautiful, gorgeous, stunning eyes, simply full of understanding, and on your right hand and there, that I had nothing to fear.
You know, I've had my fair share of ups and downs throughout my whole journey of life, and even in moments like these, you've always seen the real me.
You know, beyond the fur, the sharp claws, the teeth, well, you've seen my heart.
Tonight feels a little different though. There's something on your mind, isn't there? There's something on your mind.
I can sense it. I can sure sense it. I can feel it. It's the werewolf senses, you know, there is no hiding, there is no hiding here.
There is no lying, there is no hiding. My werewolf senses show it all. For example, I can tell that your heartbeat is a bit faster than usual.
You're breathing a little shallow, and not just because of the werewolf senses, but I can tell from my own personal experience.
A little shallow. I know from personal experience, as a werewolf like me, you might think we have it fine and dandy, but a werewolf like myself, I can still struggle with anxiety, and I know how debilitating it can be.
It sucks. So you don't have to tell me everything. You don't have to tell me anything at all, quite a fact. You don't have to say anything at all. Nothing at all.
But if you do, I'm here to listen. If you want to talk, whatever you feel most comfortable with, do so, okay? And whatever it is, it's going to be okay.
You're safe here with me. You're safe here with me, sweetheart. Everything is going to be alright. Everything is going to be okay. Trust me on that. I will make sure that it will be. You can trust me, babe.
No one needs anything from you at this moment. No one wants anything at all from you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Everything is okay in this moment. It's going to be okay. I know, I know.
I know this world can be quite overwhelming sometimes. There is just so much going on, so much noise, so many expectations, so many challenges. The list just goes on and on and on.
It feels like you're being pulled in so many different directions all at once. Kind of like a never-ending song. A never-ending song from a broken record going on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on.
But right now, I would like for you to just forget about that. I would like for you to just simply let all of that disappear.
None of that matters right here in this very present moment in time. It does not matter. All that matters is that you and me, in this moment that we have together, that we're sharing it, that we are together.
Or, as I would say in Italian, siamo insieme. We are together.
You know, I've always admired your strength. The way you handle everything, life throws you away. It's so inspiring. But even the strongest people need a break.
They need someone they can lean on. So let me be that for you. Just for tonight, at least. Just for tonight. Just for this one time, okay?
Let me be that someone you can lean on. You don't have to carry everything on your own. You don't have to. We have this false presumption of life that we have to do everything on our own.
That it's not okay to ask for help. That it's not okay to just ask. We're in it together, okay? We are ready. You don't have to do everything on your own.
Let me some of that burden so I can carry it for you, alright? Let me do that for you, please. After all, as your werewolf boyfriend is, the least that I can do.
Do you feel that? My arms around you will take you close. There is nothing in this world that could ever, ever, ever hurt you.
No, I won't allow that. Nothing could ever hurt you while I'm here, okay? I will fight, I will fight, fight, fight anything and everything that tries.
But more than that, I want to help you fight of the things that you can't see, because sometimes the biggest threats are the ones that you don't see.
I don't want to help you fight those. The worries, the doubts, the fears, those invisible enemies of yours. Let me just take some of that burden, okay?
Let me take that from you, just a little bit. Even if it's just for a little while.
Close your eyes for me, love. Close your eyes. Just for a moment. And breathe in and out.
There you go, there you go. Let your mind rest. And let the weight on your shoulders lighten up, lighten up.
You don't have to be anywhere else but here with me.
I feel the rhythm of my heartbeat, strong and steady right here beside you.
Because you're not alone. You have me and this safe space that we created. A safe space all for you.
Continue through breathing in and out at your own pace. There is no right way of doing it. There is no wrong way of doing it.
All right. As long as you're doing what is most comfortable for you, sometimes I think about how lucky I am to have you in my life.
Quite often actually, perhaps all the time. You are my anchor, the one who keeps giving, the one who keeps me grounded.
Especially when everything feels like it's spinning out of control. And I want to do things sexy for you, babe.
I want to be that for you. I want you to just know that no matter what happens, you'll always, always, always, always know.
Always, no matter what happens, you'll have a safe place to go back to right here in my arms.
And sure, I know that things have not been quite easy lately. You've been pushing yourself way too hard on my honest opinion.
Trying to just keep everything together all by yourself. But it's okay to let go. It's okay to let go, to let yourself be vulnerable, most importantly.
It's okay to need help, to lean on something, someone else. You're not weak, you're not weak. You're not weak, we're needing that.
In fact, I would argue against that and say that it takes true courage, real strength to admit when you need support.
You don't have to be perfect. You don't have to have all the answers. I love you just as you are.
The laws, fears and all. And I'm here to remind you that you are enough. You are enough just as you are. You don't have to prove anything, especially to me.
You're already everything that I could ever, ever, ever want. It's true. So let me be the one that takes care of you tonight. Let me hold you, comfort you, and keep you safe.
You've done so much for others and now it's time for you to be taken care of, right? So just close your eyes, close your eyes, close your eyes, close your eyes.
Close your eyes. Close your eyes love and let the world fade away and imagine us in a place where nothing can touch us.
Just simply peace and warmth, the sound of my heartbeat next to your eyes. May your body will stay with you, keeping watch over it, protecting you from whatever it is that's troubling your mind.
Keep in mind that you're safe here and is very welcome to talk and for it be. You're in the arms of someone who loves you more than anything. Someone who would do anything at all to see you happy.
To see you at peace. You don't have to worry about anything right now, okay? I've got you, I've got you, I've got you. I've got you.
So just let it go, let it go my love. Let yourself drift away into a place of calm knowing that I am right here with you. I'll be here when you're awake, ready to face the world together.
But for now just rest alright? You're safe, you're left and you'll always, always, always have me by your side no matter what. Don't forget how much you're left and how much I love you. Good night.
Hey love, hey love. It's just me and you now. Yes, I'm so glad to see your beautiful face that I can't help but...
It's a werewolf tradition at this point, you know? And I do know it can be quite handy to a little startling. Especially seeing me like this.
But be it still me, your boyfriend after all, your protector, your, well, your werewolf in simple words, and only yours.
Sweetheart, you know I remember the first time I showed you this side of me, I was quite nervous. So nervous actually, so nervous.
I was worried that you'd be scared or that you'd see me as some kind of monster. But you elected me with those most beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful eyes.
Those beautiful, gorgeous, stunning eyes. Simply full of understanding. And on your right hand and there, that eye had nothing to fear.
You know, I've had my fair share of ups and downs throughout my whole journey of life. And even in moments like these, you've always seen the real me.
You know, beyond the fur, the sharp claws, the teeth. Well, you've seen my heart.
Tonight feels a little different though. There's something on your mind, isn't there? There's something on your mind.
I can sense it. I can sure sense it. I can feel it. It's the werewolf senses, you know. There is no hiding. There is no hiding here.
There is no lying. There is no hiding. My werewolf senses show it all. For example, I can tell that your heartbeat is a bit faster than usual.
You're breathing a little shallow. And not just because of the werewolf senses, but I can tell from my own personal experience.
A little shallow. I know from personal experience. As a werewolf like me, you might think we have it fine and dandy, but a werewolf like myself, I can still struggle with anxiety.
And I know how debilitating it can be. It sucks. So you don't have to tell me everything. You don't have to tell me anything at all. Quite a fact. You don't have to say anything at all. Nothing at all.
But if you do, I'm here to listen if you want to talk. Whatever you feel most comfortable with, do so okay. And whatever it is, it's going to be okay.
You're safe here with me. You're safe here with me, sweetheart. Everything is going to be alright. Everything is going to be okay. Trust me on that. I will make sure that it will be. You can trust me, babe.
No one needs anything from you at this moment. No one wants anything at all from you. No.
Everything is okay in this moment. It's going to be okay. I know. I know. I know this world can be kind of overwhelming sometimes.
There's just so much going on. So much noise. So many expectations. So many challenges. The list just goes on and on and on.
It feels like you're being pulled in so many different directions all at once. Kind of like a never ending song. A never ending song from a broken record going on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on.
I know you're not, but right now I would like for you to just forget about that. I would like for you to just simply let all of that disappear.
None of that matters right here in this very present moment in time. It does not matter. All that matters is that you and me in this moment that we have together.
That we're sharing it. That we are together. Or as I would say in Italian, siamo insieme. We are together.
You know, I've always admired your strength. The way you handle everything life throws your way. It's so inspiring. But even the strongest people need a break.
They need someone they can lean on. So let me be that for you. Just for tonight. At least. Just for tonight. Just for this one time, okay?
Let me be that someone you can lean on. You don't have to carry everything on your own. You don't have to. We have this false presumption of life that we have to do everything on our own.
That it's not okay to ask for help. That it's not okay to just ask. We're in it together, okay? We are ready. You don't have to do everything on your own.
Let me do that for you, all right? Let me do that for you, all right? Let me do that for you, all right? Let me do that for you, all right? Let me do that for you, all right? Let me do that for you, all right?
After all, as your werewolf boyfriend, that's the least that I can do. Do you feel that? My arms around you hold thinking close.
There's nothing in this world that could ever, ever, ever hurt you. No. I won't allow that. Nothing could ever hurt you while I'm here, okay?
I will fight, I will fight, fight, fight anything and everything that tries. But more than that, I want to help you fight off the things that you can't see.
Because sometimes the biggest threats are the ones that we don't see. I don't want to help you fight those. The worries, the doubts, the fears, those invisible enemies of yours.
Let me just take some of that bird then, okay? Let me take that from you just a little bit. Even if it's just for a little while.
Close your eyes for me, love. Close your eyes. Just for a moment. Then breathe in and out. There you go, there you go.
Let your mind rest. Let the weight on your shoulders lighten up, lighten up. You don't have to be anywhere else but here with me.
And feel the rhythm of my heartbeat strong and steady right here beside you.
Because you're not alone. You have me and the safe space that we create. A safe space all for you.
Continue through breathing in and out at your own pace. There is no right way of doing it. There is no wrong way of doing it.
There is no right way. As long as you're doing what is most comfortable for you. Sometimes I think about how lucky I am to have you in my life.
Quite often actually. Perhaps all the time. You are my anchor. The one who keeps giving. The one who keeps me grounded.
Especially when everything feels like it's spinning out of control. And I want to do things sexy for you, babe. I want to be that for you.
I want you to just know that no matter what happens, you will always, always, always, always have a safe place to come back to.
Right here in my arms. And sure I know that things have not been quite easy lately. You've been pushing yourself way too hard in my honest opinion.
Trying to just keep everything together all by yourself. But it's okay to let go. It's okay to let go. To let yourself be vulnerable, most importantly.
It's okay to need help. To lean on something, someone else. You're not weak. You're not weak. You're not weak for needing that.
In fact, I would argue against that and say that it takes true courage, real strength to admit when you need support.
You don't have to be perfect. You don't have to have all the answers. I love you just as you are.
You are a loss, fears and all. And I'm here to remind you that you are enough. You are enough just as you are. You don't have to prove anything, especially to me.
You're already everything that I could ever, ever, ever want. It's true. So let me be the one that takes care of you tonight. Let me hold you, comfort you, and keep you safe.
You've done so much for others and now it's time for you to be taken care of, right? So just close your eyes. Close your eyes.
Close your eyes. Close your eyes. Close your eyes.
Close your eyes, love, and let the world fade away. And imagine us in a place where nothing can touch us, just simply peace and warmth.
Let the sound of my heart be next to yours. Maybe I will stay with you, keeping watch on it, protecting you from whatever it is that's troubling your mind.
Keep in mind that you're safe here at this very moment in time and forever. You're in the arms of someone who loves you more than anything. Someone who would do anything at all to see you happy.
To see you at peace. You don't have to worry about anything right now, okay? I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you.
So just let go. Let go, my love. Let yourself drift away into a place of calm, knowing that I am right here with you, okay?
I'll be here when you're awake, ready to face the world together. But for now, just rest, alright? You're safe. You're alive, and you'll always, always, always, always have me by your side, no matter what.
Don't forget how much you're loved and how much I love you. Good night.
